README.md, before:

<div align="center">

<img width="128px" src="src-tauri/icons/128x128@2x.png" />
<h1><b>Vleer</b></h1>

Free and open source alternative to Spotify, Apple Music etc. With privacy in mind.
<br>
<a href="https://vleer.app"><strong>vleer.app »</strong></a>

<ins>**This project is not yet stable!**</ins>

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Download for</td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1.msi">
          <img src="./public/windows.png"> Windows
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/Vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1_silicon.dmg">
          <picture>
            <img src="./public/apple.png">
          </picture> macOS (Silicon)
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/Vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1_intel.dmg">
          <picture>
            <img src="./public/apple.png">
          </picture> macOS (Intel)
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/Vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1.AppImage">
          <img src="./public/linux.png"> Linux
        </a>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<sup>Nightly releases can be found <a href="https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/actions/workflows/build.yml">here</a> </sup>
</div>

<br>

![Vleer banner](https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/assets/70103896/f4a619ab-4f4c-4c2f-babe-79a4555a93c5)

[discord »](https://discord.gg/invite/Y7SbYphVw9)

> \[!IMPORTANT]
>
> **Star Us**, You will receive all release notifications from GitHub without any delay \~ ⭐️

<details>
  <summary><kbd>Star History</kbd></summary>
  <a href="https://star-history.com/#vleerapp/vleer&Date">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vleerapp/vleer&theme=dark&type=Date">
      <img width="100%" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vleerapp/vleer&type=Date">
    </picture>
  </a>
</details>

## 📀 What is Vleer?

Vleer is a lightweight, fast, privacy-first music app, offering a free alternative to Spotify or Apple Music. Ideal for those who can't afford or don't want to pay these shitty subscriptions.

🚧 Despite a major rewrite since January 2024, Vleer is already showing great promise. We are actively seeking contributors to help improve the project. If you're interested, we welcome your participation.

> \[!WARNING]
>
> **Legal disclaimer**
> We do not assume responsibility for copyright infringements or misuse of downloaded content. Users must ensure they have the rights to download and use any material. Use at your own risk.

## 📦 Features

- [ ] Music Streaming
- [x] Music Download
- [X] Playlists
- [X] Equalizer

![Vleer preview gif](https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/assets/70103896/aa9a0be4-0f3f-4cef-b2c4-b9b21602885b)

<sup>If you have ideas for features to include, please write a feature request [here](https://github.com/vleerapp/vleer/issues).</sup>

## ❤️ Donations & Support

Vleer is open-source and free to use. We appreciate donations to support ongoing development and improvements. Your contributions are voluntary and help us enhance the app for everyone.

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/pandadev_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy_Me_A_Coffee-FFDD00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black"/></a>

More options available via the Sponsor ❤️ button above.

## ⌨️ Local development

You can use GitHub Codespaces for online development:

[![][codespaces-shield]][codespaces-link]

Or to get Vleer set up on your machine, you'll need to have Rust and pnpm installed. Then, follow these steps:

```zsh
git clone https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer.git
cd Vleer
pnpm i
pnpm dev
```

> \[!TIP]
>
> If you are interested in contributing code, feel free to check out our GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/issues).

## 🔨 Building for production

To build for production simply execute:

```zsh
pnpm build
```

> \[!NOTE]
>
> Don't worry, it will fail at the end because it can not detect a Private key, but the installer files will be generated regardless of that.
>
> You can find them in `src-tauri/target/release/bundle`.

## 📝 License

Vleer is licensed under the GPL-3. See the [LICENSE file](./LICENCE) for more information.

[codespaces-link]: https://codespaces.new/vleerapp/vleer
[codespaces-shield]: https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg

Commit message:

docs: add warning to readme about development

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

<img width="128px" src="src-tauri/icons/128x128@2x.png" />
<h1><b>Vleer</b></h1>

Free and open source alternative to Spotify, Apple Music etc. With privacy in mind.
<br>
<a href="https://vleer.app"><strong>vleer.app »</strong></a>

<ins>**This project is not yet stable!**</ins>

<table>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Download for</td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1.msi">
          <img src="./public/windows.png"> Windows
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/Vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1_silicon.dmg">
          <picture>
            <img src="./public/apple.png">
          </picture> macOS (Silicon)
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/Vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1_intel.dmg">
          <picture>
            <img src="./public/apple.png">
          </picture> macOS (Intel)
        </a>
      </td>
      <td>
        <a href="https://github.com/Vleerapp/Vleer/releases/download/v0.1.1/Vleer-0.1.1.AppImage">
          <img src="./public/linux.png"> Linux
        </a>
      </td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<sup>Nightly releases can be found <a href="https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/actions/workflows/build.yml">here</a> </sup>
</div>

<br>

![Vleer banner](https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/assets/70103896/f4a619ab-4f4c-4c2f-babe-79a4555a93c5)

[discord »](https://discord.gg/invite/Y7SbYphVw9)

> [!WARNING]
> Vleer is currently in major version zero (0.x) active development, and features are being added regularly. Things may break or change at any time! Keep an eye out for new releases, report bugs and give feedback!

> \[!IMPORTANT]
>
> **Star Us**, You will receive all release notifications from GitHub without any delay \~ ⭐️

<details>
  <summary><kbd>Star History</kbd></summary>
  <a href="https://star-history.com/#vleerapp/vleer&Date">
    <picture>
      <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vleerapp/vleer&theme=dark&type=Date">
      <img width="100%" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=vleerapp/vleer&type=Date">
    </picture>
  </a>
</details>

## 📀 What is Vleer?

Vleer is a lightweight, fast, privacy-first music app, offering a free alternative to Spotify or Apple Music. Ideal for those who can't afford or don't want to pay these shitty subscriptions.

🚧 Despite a major rewrite since January 2024, Vleer is already showing great promise. We are actively seeking contributors to help improve the project. If you're interested, we welcome your participation.

> \[!WARNING]
>
> **Legal disclaimer**
> We do not assume responsibility for copyright infringements or misuse of downloaded content. Users must ensure they have the rights to download and use any material. Use at your own risk.

## 📦 Features

- [ ] Music Streaming
- [x] Music Download
- [X] Playlists
- [X] Equalizer

![Vleer preview gif](https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/assets/70103896/aa9a0be4-0f3f-4cef-b2c4-b9b21602885b)

<sup>If you have ideas for features to include, please write a feature request [here](https://github.com/vleerapp/vleer/issues).</sup>

## ❤️ Donations & Support

Vleer is open-source and free to use. We appreciate donations to support ongoing development and improvements. Your contributions are voluntary and help us enhance the app for everyone.

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/pandadev_"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy_Me_A_Coffee-FFDD00?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black"/></a>

More options available via the Sponsor ❤️ button above.

## ⌨️ Local development

You can use GitHub Codespaces for online development:

[![][codespaces-shield]][codespaces-link]

Or to get Vleer set up on your machine, you'll need to have Rust and pnpm installed. Then, follow these steps:

```zsh
git clone https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer.git
cd Vleer
pnpm i
pnpm dev
```

> \[!TIP]
>
> If you are interested in contributing code, feel free to check out our GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/vleerapp/Vleer/issues).

## 🔨 Building for production

To build for production simply execute:

```zsh
pnpm build
```

> \[!NOTE]
>
> Don't worry, it will fail at the end because it can not detect a Private key, but the installer files will be generated regardless of that.
>
> You can find them in `src-tauri/target/release/bundle`.

## 📝 License

Vleer is licensed under the GPL-3. See the [LICENSE file](./LICENCE) for more information.

[codespaces-link]: https://codespaces.new/vleerapp/vleer
[codespaces-shield]: https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg
